         Return-Path: 
         To: johnc@idsoftware.com (John Carmack)
         cc: Bob Young 
         Subject: Re: distribution 
         Date: Tue, 03 Nov 1998 15:32:43 -0500
         From: Bob Young 

         > We never heard from anyone...
         > 

         John, 

         We've been just a tad busy. Here's a quick update: 

         We'd like to investigate what we can do to assure the success of
         games on the Linux OS. 

         Everything from branding to web links, to introducing you to our
         distributors (who including the leading Linux distributors, as well
         as Ingram Micro), to technical development assistance. 

         What we have concluded we are unable to do is to publish
         games under the Red Hat brand. The two reasons for this is that
         we would like our Brand to be considered viable in the
         enterprise software market and publishing games (at least until
         we are a little bigger) would not help there. The other is that we
         do not want to publish binary-only applications. We have just
         ended long-term relationships with Applix (Applixware Office
         Suite) and Triteal (CDE desktop environment) in order to focus
         on delivering the Red Hat Linux open source OS. 

         I personally think that there are millions of dollars in revenues
         available in publishing shrink-wrapped Quake-on-Linux boxes
         and distributing these through Ingram and CompUSA, as well as
         on the net. Clearly there would be more money in it for you to
         do this yourselves than to license a publisher like Red Hat. But if
         you would like to work through a publisher, I'm sure Stacey
         Hiquet of Macmillan Digital Publishing would be thrilled to
         handle this project for you. Let me know and I'll pass her your
         contact info. 

         Cheers, Bob. Red Hat Software,
         Inc.-----------------------------------------
         Phone 919-547-0012 x227 Fax 919-547-0024
         P.O. Box 13588 email: bob@redhat.com
         Research Triangle Park, NC 27709 http://www.redhat.com